Jack's dead.
Look. the amount of
ketamine in his system.
I'm surprised
he was able to fall in.
never mind get out.
I think someone
murdered Jack Jackson.
We've actually become friends.
the six of us.
I have always room
for a seventh.
You... you forgot your bottle.
Let's push pause on this.
shall we?
Can't we just talk?
Rachel has got no closure.
Calum is at war with Bex.
Dan is still inside your head.
Are any of us
actually any happier?
♪ What you drinking?
♪ Rum or whiskey?
♪ Now won't you have a...
Hey.
Oof. Somebody's
needing cheering up.
Well. this'll be good.
the youngsters
call it "touching grass".
The grass can touch itself.
I'm just trying to save you from
wedding photo doom-scrolling.
Come on.
Get you a coffee.
Maybe a cookie.
Hmm.
♪ ...always remember me
♪ We were mischievous
♪ And you were always
wearing black ♪
♪ I was so serious.
you know my boyfriend's... ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I guess the groom got cold feet.
Nah. people trip.
happens every day.
No signs of forced entry.
no indication
anyone else was there.
Probably caught his foot.
went headfirst
into the banister post.
Christ.
The bride...
Yeah.
Faith.
Not just the name of
my chiropodist.
No. seriously.
To say "I love you" again
after divorce...
you need faith.
Because love isn't safe.
but still. you leap.
Because you believe
maybe this time
someone will catch you.
And that brings us
to your homework.
which I have faith
you've all completed.
Letters you never sent.
Now. you can read out
your letter.
or if you prefer.
I can read it for you.
I. uh. I thought
we were just handing them in.
Uh-huh.
And to make things fair.
I'll kick us off.
All right?
"Growing up. I thought your love
was something to escape from."
"Now I understand
it was the foundation"
"that made
everything else possible."
"With Ben.
I finally found where I belong."
"And what it means
to truly be in love."
"The certainty of who I am..."
"That's your gift to me."
"Sincerely. Malcolm."
Steve?
"I always knew you'd come back."
"I waited because..."
"I knew
you'd see sense in the end."
"And that's what real love does."
"It waits."
"Yours always. Steven."
'Scuse me. sorry.
You and Sue back together?
Since when?
Are you sure
you didn't dream it?
No.
"I keep telling myself
there were happy times. but..."
"The truth is.
it was never real."
"You never saw me."
"Only what I could do for you."
"I'm free."
"I get to find out who I am."
"Move forward."
"But you never will."
"And that's..."
"That's so sad."
That was amazing.
Wish I could say
things like that.
Thank you. Rachel.
That was brave.
And... Rita.
I'm s...
I'm sorry. I just...
Need to make a...
Uh... uh...
So we're cured now.
Of divorce.
You think we'll stay friends?
Still no answer
from Calum or Emily.
What if she's crashed
Dan and Charlotte's wedding?
I'm sure it'll all be fine.
What about what we said before?
No more contact once
it's been done. remember?
Oh. yeah. but that was before
we knew each other. right?
I mean. I think we're pretty
much friends for life now.
-I don't have any friends.
-Oh.
Fat Kelly married a stockbroker.
fucked off to Cheshire.
Poxie and Raven
opened a bar in Fuengirola.
Julie didn't make it to 50.
Ovarian cancer.
Well. you've got us now.
And we still owe you
that revenge on Jim.
Oh.
Where have you two been?
Can't stop thinking
about those stairs.
Counted the steps every night.
17.
Knew exactly where
to step in the dark.
You know a place so well.
and one day...
I just can't believe he's gone.
Babe...
Two of our exes.
Both healthy.
Both dead within weeks
of our revenge pact.
That can't be random.
What?
Are you serious?
Well. which one of us
do you suspect?
-No. I didn't say that.
-It's got to be me. right. eh?
The fucking mad Scotsman?
-Or what about crazy Rachel?
-How dare you?
Or is this...
is this your confession?
Well. there's a chance
it could be Malcolm.
Oh. Malcolm?
Don't be so stupid.
I'm just saying.
the possibility of this...
All right. stop it!
These two deaths
are tragic accidents.
But that doesn't matter now.
Because what matters now
is how it looks
to somebody
who's trying to join the dots.
Because revenge pact
and two bodies
in the same sentence
is catastrophic.
Now. we are going
to meet up tomorrow.
and we are going to make a plan.
and we are definitely
going to keep our heads.
Emily.
We need to speak with you
at the police station
as soon as possible.
This is about Dan. isn't it?
Such a shock.
Look. I'm running late
for a client meeting.
but I want to help
however I can.
Can I get my assistant
to coordinate with your office?
Charlotte. Dan's widow.
mentioned you work in PR.
She's not his widow.
They weren't married.
Right. His fiancée.
Said she came to visit you
a couple of weeks
before the wedding?
She did.
We talked briefly.
What was that about?
She wanted closure
for both of us to move on.
And have you moved on?
What's the alternative?
We'll be in touch about
a formal interview.
I work throughout the week.
so that might be
quite difficult.
How about Sunday? 12:30?
Great. Look forward to it.
Welcome to Operation Clean Up.
We can't afford any loose ends.
Emily. Charlotte's things first.
Hi. is that Sterling Removals
and Storage?
I think you might have
misplaced a client's belongings.
Where would you like me
to drop them off?
Rita. time to wipe us
from the council system.
Goodbye. Miss Lavington.
Tej. un-genius your genius.
Sorry.
I don't speak Hackanese...
Rachel. ditch the disguises.
Calum. get rid of any cameras
still in
Dan and Charlotte's house.
And you?
I'm relieving Malcolm of
our greatest hits.
How do I face them again?
Thank you for sharing.
Who the hell are they?
I'll go back
and get the right one.
-Yeah. maybe you should.
-Don't be so bloody stupid.
No. we can't afford
any loose ends.
We can't afford to get caught.
We understand Emily Hunter's
been coming to your group.
-How's she doing?
-Good. yes.
I mean. clearly she's a bit
cynical about therapy generally.
It isn't for everyone.
but if I hadn't been told
she'd been
court ordered to attend.
I wouldn't have known.
Why do you record the sessions?
Oh. therapeutic purposes only.
They all sign a waiver.
nothing covert.
I have to say.
the idea that Emily could be
involved in any
of those awful accidents.
I... it's absurd...
...to me.
Something in there might help
us understand what happened.
Right.
Well. um...
that's Rita Eggleston.
I don't think
she's had an easy life.
There's a real sadness to her.
Tej Jogia. the youngest person
I've had in divorce counselling.
And Steve Williams.
former military.
He and his wife have
recently reconciled actually.
so that's nice.
Emily. of course.
Wait. is that Calum Baird?
-Oh. you know him?
-We met him recently.
Jesus Christ.
that's Rachel Jackson.
Well. uh. Koffman now. but yeah.
she's just lost her ex-husband.
Jack Jackson. the man who died
at a party after
a punch-up with Baird.
Emily...
I knew I recognized her.
I saw her on the footage
from Jack's Broska launch.
We'll need all the recordings.
Everything you've got
on this group.
Yes. Yes. of course.
Ah. the lady approaches.
Avert thine eyes.
ye mere mortals.
How's your dad?
Sitting up and eating.
Doctors are calling it
a miracle.
You must be relieved.
Yeah. I tell you what. why don't
you come with me this weekend?
He would be
chuffed to bits to see you.
I've... I've got the 10k
for the birds. so I'll be busy.
I need the jeep. by the way.
Oh. yeah. yeah.
of course. I forgot.
Um. well.
I finished off the ironing.
dishwasher was empty.
and I took out the recycling.
What'd you do that for?
Well...
Well. they'd only toss it
in landfill anyway.
Yep.
I told Bez I can't see
him anymore.
He gets it.
Do you know what?
I knew you'd come back to me.
Let's just take this slow. eh?
We've got all the time
in the world to get it right.
-Yeah.
-Hmm.
Two deaths in five weeks.
Both connected to
the same therapy group.
Jack Jackson.
probable ketamine poisoning.
Dan Marshall. supposed accident.
I mean. look at these people.
You know. seven weeks ago
they were strangers.
and now their exes
are dropping like flies.
Social contagion?
One kills.
the others catch the bug?
What if they're
helping each other?
Now. six strangers.
yeah. bonded by divorce.
sharing their darkest thoughts
week after week.
That's a fucking
powder keg. Rosa.
You think these grieving people
suddenly became
master criminals?
Could just be the women.
You know. First Wives Club. but
they actually murder people.
If Emily Hunter had
somebody else murder her ex.
why do it on his wedding day?
Why make yourself
the obvious suspect?
Sometimes being the obvious
suspect makes you look innocent.
You really think
one of this lot is a killer?
Tej Jogia has an interesting
history of computer hacking.
Rachel Jackson's situation
doesn't add up.
Divorce therapy while
supposedly happily married.
I'll look into
Steve Williams' military file.
What about
the other ex-partners?
Without Dan's death
confirmed as murder
or understanding the pattern...
we're flying blind.
Police are going to ask
why you attend the group.
We're a supportive community.
helping each other
through difficult transitions.
Yes. and if they ask
what we talk about?
Well. Detective.
we discuss our feelings
in a safe
and therapeutic environment.
We don't act
on negative emotions.
That's perfect.
You're good as gold. Right.
Thank you for Sue-sitting.
I'll be right back
once I've got my dad settled.
As long as I don't
have to talk to her.
No.
You know. I didn't realize
we were protecting our exes
from tragic accidents now.
Yeah.
Well. just keep her safe.
You can trust me.
I know.
He's so bloody deluded.
Makes me want to scream.
Four weeks to live.
the doctors said.
Steve won't hear it. of course.
thinks his dad's immortal.
Every time he looks at me
and smiles.
I want to crawl out of my skin.
All this sneaking around.
I hate this.
-It's not fair.
-Isn't it worth the wait?
Who knew his dad's old house
would be worth
a couple of million?
We just need patience.
You sure you're not loving
having two men fight over you?
By Christmas. you. me. Barbados.
Oh. Happy days.
How are you feeling
about your police grilling?
-You bricking it?
-Hmm...
Oh. come on.
you'll be "fabuloso."
You're the queen of PR.
I'm not feeling very queenly.
Well. at least
you get to put it behind you.
I'm going to give them
a call again tomorrow
to find out about
releasing Jack's body.
They keep saying soon. but...
It must be awful.
Can I just say. widow to widow?
Not technically a widow. but...
It's hard.
I'm going to miss this.
Hey. it's not for long.
Just until things settle down.
Right.
You saved me.
I'd be in the loony bin.
Or six feet under
if it weren't for you.
You got me through too.
you know.
You're...
sunshine.
Turns out the best thing
about hitting rock bottom
-is who you meet down there.
-Down there.
Yes.
Hey. I know what we should do.
A year from now.
We should meet somewhere.
Like...
the top of the Eiffel Tower.
Or Sheesh in Chigwell.
Now you're talking.
God. I wonder
what we'll be doing then.
Right. We go
to the final session.
We keep up appearances...
And then we're done.
The police will have seen all
our recordings by now. so...
we've just gotta hope that
none of us said
anything incriminating.
It's Jack.
They won't let me bury him.
They won't release the body.
They're treating
his death as suspicious now.
Oh. my God.
They're gonna think it was me.
They're gonna think that I...
Was it you?
What?
I mean. I wouldn't blame you if
you did.
He was a twat.
All right. it wasn't one of us.
We all saw what Jack was like.
Half the people at that party
must have wanted him dead.
Do the police know
you lied about being divorced?
Oh. Okay. Emily.
Like. you're so innocent.
N... no. that's
not what I meant.
You literally punched
a pregnant woman.
Oi! Fucking take that back.
Don't shout at me. Calum.
All right.
just calm down everyone.
Coming from the woman who
wanted to bash his ex's brains in.
Oi. at least
I'm not a creepy little voyeur.
-I said it wasn't like that.
-That's enough.
-You've all gone insane.
-Yeah. what about you?
What about me?
Sue doesn't love you!
Wake up!
You watch your mouth.
She's waiting
for your dad to die.
For the inheritance.
-I heard her and Bez talking.
-Liar.
I can't. I can't.
I can't do this.
I'm sorry.
Are you okay?
It's Jim.
You know. holding on
to pain like that.
will kill you.
It's not Jim I'm angry with.
It's me.
All Steve did
was love Sue completely.
And she goes
and treats him like that.
Oh. God.
Am I the Sue?
What? No. of course not.
I'm the Sue.
Hello. Rita.
Hello. Jim.
I was surprised
to hear from you.
I. um...
I need to tell you something.
Whatever it is. you can tell
me. You know that.
The test results came back
early this week.
What's wrong? Are you sick?
No. no. no. no.
It's nothing like that.
Oh. God. why is it
so bloody impossible?
-"Dear Malcolm..."
-Who?
"...If I could believe you'd
listen I'd say I'm sorry."
"Sorry to the core of me that I
gave you up for adoption."
"It was 1981.
I was 17. Living at home"
"in a place where
you didn't talk about things."
"Your grandparents
were strict. devout."
"terrified of scandal."
Oh. Rita. Rita.
"When I held you
in my arms that one
"and only time.
I knew I'd always love you.
"I've carried you
in my heart every day."
"I thought about
finding you so many times"
"but I didn't want
to make things worse."
"But when my marriage ended..."
"I knew I had to try.
"And there you were. running
a Divorce Circle of all things.
"It felt like fate.
"And you've turned out so smart
and funny and handsome
"just like your Uncle Xavier"
"who everyone said
the spit of Omar Sharif."
"And as all the men
on Dad's side"
"look like they're on day
release from Middle Earth."
"count yourself lucky."
"Your Dad and I didn't last."
"Ten years later I met Jim
but you're my only child."
"I know it's too much to expect
you to let me be your mum..."
"...but if you'd allow me
the honor of being"
"damned proud of
who you've become..."
"I would like that."
"So be well.
Be happy."
"I know you are loved."
I'm sorry.
If I'd known...
The...
...the doctor said
that the reason
we couldn't get pregnant
is because I got an infection
after Malcolm was born
that I didn't know I had.
Oh. Rita.
All these years I've spent
blaming everybody else
for how shit
my life has turned out.
My parents.
God. he got
a relentless bollocking off me.
But the person
I punished was you.
I need to invent
a new word for "sorry"
-after what I've done to you.
-No. Rita.
I'm as much at fault as you.
The truth is.
I brought this on myself.
I chose to give up.
You were just surviving.
I should have seen that.
I at first thought
it was just because...
we couldn't have kids.
You were gutted. I was.
I just kept on hoping...
she'll come back to me.
It seems so stupid now.
doesn't it?
I just thought...
I just thought things
would just work themselves out.
But then I blinked.
And now I'm an old lady
and you're definitely
an old man.
And it's too late.
I ruined it.
Of course you haven't.
Come on. Rita. don't be daft.
We're not exactly dead yet.
We might have another 20 years.
Thirty. if we lay off the pies.
It's only ever been you.
And you know that.
Oh. Jim.
This must be a difficult time.
I want to help however I can.
We've been speaking
to people close to Dan.
Miss Grimes
has been very cooperative.
This must be
devastating for her.
She's worried about you too.
I appreciate
Charlotte's concern but...
I'm not sure how
that relates to Dan's accident.
We're not convinced
it was an accident.
So... so you... you think
someone killed him?
What do you think?
I think you may suspect
the crazy ex-wife
went round there in
a jealous rage
and pushed him down the stairs.
We're not making accusations.
Just trying to get
a full picture.
But following
an incident with Charlotte.
you were court-ordered
to attend therapy.
Has it been helpful?
Uh. more so than I expected.
Close with the other members?
We've helped each other
through difficult times.
Like Rachel Jackson?
She's going through
a terrible loss.
You knew her husband?
I met him once through Rachel.
You attended the party
the night of his death.
And we've seen footage of you
at the Broska launch.
What did you think of him?
Honestly?
He was a prick.
But lots of men are pricks.
Doesn't mean
they deserve to die.
What made him a prick?
Inappropriate.
Rachel was mortified
by his behavior.
Coke and ket just
made everything worse.
How do you know Jack
used those drugs that night?
Everyone there knew.
We believe
he was spiked with ketamine.
Where were you the night
Dan Marshall died. Emily?
At home. Why?
Emily Hunter.
you're under arrest
on suspicion of the murders of
Jack Jackson and Dan Marshall.
This isn't happening.
This can't be happening.
How's the Spanish coming along?
Muy bien.
Charlie's got
these language apps.
Actually makes it fun.
He's much cooler
at home than he is at school.
Muy bien.
Oh. I've got you something.
It's to go with
the fox I made you.
You know I'm not. like.
seven anymore. right?
Yeah.
Did you know that ice cream
used to be made with whale vomit?
-Serious.
-Mum's here.
Bella. Bella. just wait.
Look. it's only a couple of
weeks before you go and...
I want to try
and make that time count.
So I was thinking next weekend
maybe we could go on a wee trip?
Oh. it's Jasmine's birthday
next Saturday.
We're all going to Flip Out.
-What about Sunday?
-Ask Mum. yeah?
All right.
Bells.
I love you.
You know that. right?
Don't be weird.
Hi. it's Emily. leave a message.
You work at
your family's restaurant?
Uh. yes. I manage
the booking system.
And the accounts.
That sort of thing.
And you know Emily Hunter
from your therapy group?
Divorce Circle.
We're a supportive community
helping each other
through difficult transitions.
Must be upsetting that two of
your group's exes have died.
It has affected us all deeply.
Did you ever meet Jack Jackson?
Only the once.
And Dan Marshall?
We discuss our feelings
in a safe.
therapeutic environment.
We don't act
on negative emotions.
What did you think then?
When you heard about his death?
A... a tragedy.
Uh. I was shocked.
But though. you know.
knowing Dan
it was always bound to happen.
You know. he was always easily
distracted.
always in a rush.
Sorry. um...
I mean. I only know
about him through the pact.
Pact?
It's in your best interest
to tell me about this pact.
Or I could arrest you
for perverting
the course of justice.
Okay. we... we called it
a revenge pact.
but we didn't hurt anyone
I swear on my life.
-Revenge pact?
-Yeah. just silly games.
Steve said we were
soldiers fighting back
and that we deserved
harmless justice.
Steve Williams
organized this. then?
Yes. Uh...
You don't understand.
Steve is a good and noble man.
He... he would never...
Mr. Jogia. you
understand how serious this is?
No comment.
I've told you
everything that I know.
You think they deserved it.
don't you?
We have to charge her
or release her soon.
What's that?
Emily's location data
from the night Dan died.
Dan Marshall's time of death?
Between ten and midnight.
It's confirmed
she was at her apartment.
Plus. door cam shows nobody
came or went from her flat all night.
What about Jack Jackson though?
How did Emily
know about the ketamine?
There's still not
enough to hold her.
I'll have to let her go.
Hello?
Mandy?
Leon.
Rosa.
Fuck.
Must have happened
after her walk yesterday.
Dog walker
found her this morning.
Opened the door
to see if she could help.
Wasps flew out everywhere.
From that jar?
Massive allergic reaction.
Hey.
Where have you been?
I've been trying to
get a hold of you.
What happened?
They arrested me.
Murder.
"Murderer".
Jesus Christ. Em.
They let you go though. so...
They have to know
it wasn't you. right?
Good.
That's good.
Have you eaten?
That detective.
she saw something.
She could see that I was broken.
Dad always said
that I was broken.
When I was ten...
I found him packing a suitcase.
He said we were going away
for the weekend.
Somewhere special. just us.
I thought...
finally this is my chance
to show him I'm good enough.
I helped him pack
everything so carefully.
We even talked about
stopping for fish and chips.
The next morning he was gone.
I helped him pack to abandon us.
You'd never do that.
I need to tell you something.
Anyone I get close to...
I lose.
My mom. when I was a kid.
My first girlfriend.
Michelle. she...
she killed herself.
Shit. Calum...
She'd been
struggling for a while and I...
I wasn't there.
And now I've lost Bella.
You haven't lost her.
-You have to keep fighting.
-With what?
Those fucking exam papers?
I'm a joke.
I should have...
...I should have gone harder
when I had the chance
and she would still be here.
Instead.
I live in a fucking flat share
with a bunch of students.
What's the point of any of it?
What's the fucking point?
I love you.
I can't lose you too.
You don't have to.
Not until you're ready.
Another ex bites the dust.
This needs to be the last.
I hate that
we're getting nowhere.
How do you think he'll take it?
You're assuming he doesn't know
Sue's dead already.
Right.
Mr. Williams?
You in there?
It's the police.
We need to speak
with you urgently.
Mr. Williams?
Bloody hell.
Look. he's been living here.
What's all this?
It's a surveillance kit.
He's been listening to someone.
Leon.
Where's the weapon?
Control.
I need a BOLO broadcast.
Steve Williams. white male.
55. ex-military.
armed and dangerous.
It's going to be difficult.
Scary.
And you might not get
the reaction you wanted.
Oh. how I've missed
your Jimsplaining.
I'm so proud of you.
You're doing this.
And whatever happens.
you're his mother.
-You always were.
-I'm a mother.
There's a lot to talk about.
Yeah.
Uh. there's a pub
just around the corner.
the Siren's Anchor.
I'll wait for you there.
Good luck.
Hi. You're early.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm